puts the dirty tracing context in the connection context (#86)
apache/skywalking-java: changes/changes-8.8.0.md

* Optimize okhttp 3.x 4.x plugin to get span time cost precisely
* Adapt message header properties of RocketMQ 4.9.x
* Fix httpasyncclient-4.x-plugin's memory leak risk

> * Fix the bug that httpasyncclient-4.x-plugin  use same request produce different trace

Reviewer: This is the 8.8.0 change log. Your change log is in the root folder.

And this is recommended change log and PR title.
```suggestion
* Fix the bug that httpasyncclient-4.x-plugin  puts the dirty tracing context in the connection context.
```

> * Fix the bug that httpasyncclient-4.x-plugin  puts the dirty tracing context in the connection context

Reviewer: I think you missed a comment before. I mean this change log should be added into the `changes.md` in the root, not 8.8.0. The 8.8.0 is a released version, which should not have a new change anymore.
